README.md, before:

# Five Nights at Cris'
Yet another Five Night at Freddy's fangame, FNAC, except that I decided to do it in the worst possible way by using Java with its Swing components and draw everything frame by frame in canvas. It also posseses my unique drawing style.

The idea of the game is to make it as modificable as possible with as little effort as possible. With that in mind, I'm trying to parametrize everything and I will attempt to make it data-driven once its finished.

The game will have a total of 6 Nights, an additional Tutorial Night, a backstory and support for keyboard controls, as well as the mouse controls that characterize the original franchise and fan-made games.

Passing one Night unlocks the next one. Previous Nights are available for testing purposes, but on the final game this will change.

## Work in Progress
This is still a work in progress. The Tutorial Night and some of the Nights are mostly finished and 100% playable. Nonetheless, there is still some work to do for the game mechanics and future Nights, so stay tuned!

## The Lore
_They are alive._

## How do I play?
Go into the [Wiki in this GitHub project](https://github.com/Cristichi/FiveNightsAtCrisJava/wiki), and look for Installing in the menu. You will find the instructions there. Please keep in mind that a full release is not available, only pre-release builds to show how things are going. Nothing stops you having fun with the first few Nights, tho!

Commit message:

README updated to current progress, future plans, lore and credits.
I will update credits as soon as someone new is involved in the project.

README.md, after:

# Five Nights at Cris'
Yet another Five Night at Freddy's fangame, FNAC, except that I decided to do it in the worst possible way by using Java with its Swing components and draw everything frame by frame in canvas. It also posseses my unique drawing style.

The idea of the game is to make it as modificable as possible with as little effort as possible. With that in mind, I'm trying to parametrize everything and I will attempt to make it data-driven once its finished.

The game will has a total of 6 Nights, plus the additional Tutorial Night, support for keyboard controls as well as mouse controls, and a story behind. Each Night Animatronic Drawings become more "alive", and one of them keeps changing its behaviour!

This is a game of memory, quick actions, listening with all your attention, and most important a game to keep it all together while keeping the Animatronic Drawings away from your office and the electricity bill cheap enough.

## Work in Progress
This is still a work in progress. All Nights are playable, including a Custom Night as a reward with unique Animatronic Drawings that are not present throughout the game! Nonetheless, there is still some work to do for the game's art, so stay tuned!

### Work to do
- Remake all Animatronic Drawings' art and Jumpscares.
- Remake all Cameras' backgrounds so they are actually interesting.
- Add "states" for Animatronics. For instance, like how Foxy works while at Pirate Cove in the original FNAF.
- Keep improving things internally as clear as possible, for any dev who may want to add more Animatronics in the future (or myself of course, it's always good to make it easy for future-Cristichi as well).

## The Lore
A Cataclysm made existence look like a drawing. `Cris' Restaurant for You` closes their doors after gruesome discovery that what were previously Animatronics are now Drawings that can move, like humans. The owner trapped as one of them. Shareholders need you to watch the place, like always, while they see what they can do now that the Restaurant is hostile and the owner gone.  

## How do I play?
Go into the [Wiki in this GitHub project](https://github.com/Cristichi/FiveNightsAtCrisJava/wiki), and look for Installing in the menu. You will find the instructions to download and play the game there.

Please keep in mind that a full release is not available, therefore bugs and art placeholders may be expected for the build you are playing. Nonetheless, the game should be playable without game-crashing error. In any case, if you playtest the game please feel more than free to share any issues or ideas with me through the [issues page](https://github.com/Cristichi/FiveNightsAtCrisJava/issues) on this GitHub. 

## Credits
Main developer: Cristichi
Art: Cristichi
Music: Cristichi
Sounds: Cristichi
Ambience Sounds: Cristichi and pixabay.com
