TODO.md, before:

# Work to do

## Art
- [ ] Remake all Animatronic Drawings' art and Jumpscares.
- [ ] Remake all Cameras' backgrounds so they are actually interesting.
- [ ] Remake the doors' art.
- [ ] Add more details and items to the background, or remake it entirely.

## Features
- [X] Add the possibility to have "states" in AnimatronicDrawings. For instance, like how Foxy works while at Pirate Cove in the original FNAF.
- [ ] Add "states" for any AnimatronicDrawing other than Custom-Night-exclusives.
- [ ] For more immersion, allow Cameras to have more than one "layer" image, including one where the Animatronics are drawn.
- [ ] Allow Cameras to specify the "region"(s) of the source image that could have AnimatronicDrawings.
- [ ] Add Custom Night challenges with specific Animatronics.

## Maintenance
- [ ] Keep improving things internally to make them as clear as possible, for any dev who may want to add more Animatronics in the future (or myself of course, it's always good to make it easy for future-Cristichi as well).

Commit message:

Added plan to add voice lines.

TODO.md, after:

# Work to do

## Art
- [ ] Remake all Animatronic Drawings' art and Jumpscares.
- [ ] Remake all Cameras' backgrounds so they are actually interesting.
- [ ] Remake the doors' art.
- [ ] Add more details and items to the background, or remake it entirely.

## Features
- [X] Add the possibility to have "states" in AnimatronicDrawings. For instance, like how Foxy works while at Pirate Cove in the original FNAF.
- [ ] Add "states" for any AnimatronicDrawing other than Custom-Night-exclusives.
- [ ] For more immersion, allow Cameras to have more than one "layer" image, including one where the Animatronics are drawn.
- [ ] Allow Cameras to specify the "region"(s) of the source image that could have AnimatronicDrawings.
- [ ] Add Custom Night challenges with specific Animatronics.
- [ ] Add voice lines + subtitles at start and end of the Nights.

## Maintenance
- [ ] Keep improving things internally to make them as clear as possible, for any dev who may want to add more Animatronics in the future (or myself of course, it's always good to make it easy for future-Cristichi as well).
